Fix grammatical issues of README.rst + more (#8109)
Rapptz/discord.py: README.rst

* `PyNaCl <https://pypi.org/project/PyNaCl/>`__ (for voice support)

> Please note that for installing voice on Linux, you must install the following packages via your favourite package manager (e.g. ``apt``, ``dnf``, etc) before running the above commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that when installing voice support on Linux, you must install the following packages via your favourite package manager (e.g. ``apt``, ``dnf``, etc) before running the above commands:
```
